November 2009 and Barclays launched a
nationwide search to find a team of 12
to 16 year olds wanting to be the
Barclays Paulk it's a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity to be part of the 2010
Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at the o2
in London 1600 kids applied and
eventually 100 regional finalists were
selected but the competition is intense
only 30 would make the final cut the
journey of the search for a Barclays
baldhead has been unbelievable
and we've gone through 10 different
cities 16 hundred and one kids have all
been put through the paces from the team
of coaches right from agility to
specific ball kid movements
these curses
for me the Barclays blue kids you know
initiative has been so great from an
accessibility point of view you know
it's been you've been able to enter
anywhere you didn't really need to have
any previous experience of tennis
so really it was open to anybody just to
have a go and to have a a chance an
opportunity of a lifetime to be on court
but the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals
with the likes of Roger Federer Rafael
Nadal Andy Murray I mean it's just you
know it's just tremendous
there's no time ago you know it's been
about 12 or 13 ball boy for Peter
McNamara great learning thing for me and
you know at the end I must have done a
decent job because Peter thank know he
gave me his his wristband and that for
me that was fantastic
whenever I played my career when I was
possible every single match but most the
time I handed out my wristbands or my
headbands to the ball kids
see Federer for the first time or Nadal
or these guys they're going to be
impressed but most of the players of
this level you know this class they know
how the kids feel you know so they're
gonna make it easy for the boys
I mean Pasha and brownies just made me
realize how much of a border
it's worth it it's really worth it and I
know that I can actually give something
back to people because when I see an
Asian person on TV our our ESL or if
they're doing something especially in
sports
then why what can I do
being
but for being the most enjoyable the
lucky 30 ball kids will undergo an
intensive fire day base camp in October
perfecting their skills ahead of the
2010 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals
next week on ATP World Tour uncovered we
had to Spain's oldest tennis club the
rail club the tennis Barcelona 1899 for
the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell and we
speak to Croatia's even Lubitsch's he
reflects on his amazing triumph at the
BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells until
then don't forget to log on to ATP World
Tour comp your 24/7
breaking news see you next week